hey what's up ladies and gentle two
persons ever ride I know that you don't
want to sit here and look at my face but
I wanted to give you some updates and
also kind of show off something that you
guys have helped me to get so let's do
that you guys what we've got going on
here is I'm actually driving my car
while I'm recording this but it's not a
moto vlog and it's not a car motovlog
it's like a drone of log hey you guys a
lot of these updates a lot of this stuff
I would normally put on the raw channel
because the raw channels kind of where I
talk about these updates and things like
that but I felt like there were some big
news big enough news that I should put
it on the main channel and just express
my gratitude to you guys for helping out
so much and being so awesome I've got a
lot of good news this week Benjamin
brawley my good friend from Indiana and
his family they got funded their go fund
me worked they had a huge donation from
a very generous businessperson and they
were able to get the mobility man that's
something that the whole community has
been working on for a long long time you
know what just doing what we can do and
it was awesome to finally see that work
out and break to see this man was able
to get that ban we're all super excited
for Ben and we're looking forward to you
know how we can help next um as you can
see right now in the video I'm flying
the drone and I want to thank you guys
so much especially a guy named mark mark
be also known as hillbilly do it for the
drones name is Billy when an i named the
drunk Billy but you guys this the
purchase of this drone and the EP
enormous upgrade to the channel
was was thanks to you guys for using
those links if you if you don't use
those links yet or if you want a free
ever ride sticker for using those links
then go ahead go to ever ride org and
i'll send you a free sticker i'm
actually going to be upgrading stickers
soon we're gonna we're gonna try to send
out a thousand stickers we'll do some
different designs but they won't all be
ever eyes baby i think i mean you know
people don't even know who I am that's
fine you know some of them might be
safety themes like bumper stickers we'll
see but definitely want to check that
out in free stickers just as a huge
thank you to you guys for supporting the
channel for helping the growth and for
supporting the whole motive logging and
their biking in tools for creating it's
so often now when it works it's so cool
when you guys use the links because I
get to give you guys awesome deals so
you guys saved potentially hundreds and
hundreds of dollars and you don't have
to pay it on to me but like using those
links that supports the channel so it's
like a win-win for everybody the super
stoked on that guy
also a huge thanks to my friend Elmer
now this is a guy who i bought the
campbell from to go on this high
response that i'm using and the gimbal
actually fits the Sony action cam which
I'm a huge fan of with the steady shot
and everything like that it just works
magically as you can see now my props
aren't balanced but it still looks
pretty good but anyway my buddy Elmer um
who sold me this gamble he actually 3d
prints of a huge shout out to him if you
have a 3dr iris or you're looking to get
an iris and you want to use your Sony
action cam with it definitely take a
look at that you've a listing that you
give such an awesome guy really really
cool anyway elbert helps me for like
three and a half hours to sort out all
the issues that i was handled with the
iris applause felt like it was a bad
product it's just in some settings in
the software for the drone were a little
bit wonky it was huge that he would take
so much time out of his day just to help
me out help me set up the gimbal product
is cool that he makes but more than
anything when a person will go out of
his way to help you like that that's
something that I could totally recommend
so thank you so much Elmer really really
appreciate your awesome awesome guy so
kind of in more serious news I'm sorry
for the lack of content lately on my
channel my family has had some really
wild things happen lately especially
kind of in the health department my son
got some slivers in his hand and got a
serious infection in his hand and we had
to you know go to the hospital for that
I got something called pleurisy where
your the linings of your lungs I can't
explain it to well you could look it up
if you want but it's like the linings of
your lungs fill with fluid so that's not
good but when that fluid goes away like
the the muscles the linings around your
lungs rub against each other and they
get raw and it feels like kidney stones
in the lung so it's just been gnarly
there I won't be able to ride a
motorcycle for a long time that's bad
news for me but good news for you
because that means i'll be editing a lot
of stuff a lot of stuff and then the
biggest thing was actually my dad had a
huge
cancer scare he basically got the news
from the doctor who you know supposed to
have good bedside manner but the doctor
was crying telling my dad he had stage
four carcinoma a secondary cancer in his
face which basically meant that the
cancer was coming from somewhere else so
the whole family came together and we
kind of rallied around circled the
wagons thinking that this would be the
last time we would be around our father
and he had scan after scan after scan
and the whole week was kind of a you
know just a scary situation and we were
all kind of freaking out about what was
gonna happen well it was his health
gonna be like where's he gonna be okay
was he gonna pass away but after a lot
of scans it worked out really good
because he actually ended up he did have
cancer in his face but it wasn't a
secondary cancer meaning that it didn't
come from come from somewhere else it
actually was the primary cancer in his
face so even though that's bad they can
remove that cancer he's going to have to
go through some pretty crazy surgery but
they can remove that cancer and then and
then he'll be okay so that's a huge
blessing for our family and there have
been a lot of prayers and things on our
behalf and and it's really cool so you
guys just to kind of honor my dad he
really loves the ADV for all series and
so I will be really working hard to get
that a TV for all series done just to
for him because I know he likes it and
so that's kind of what I want to do for
him that's my gift to him because I love
him and and
I was thinking that if he was gonna pass
away soon I had these huge regrets that
I didn't get to show him the whole thing
so I really want to get that done for
him even though he's in good health so
just kind of reminder guys we never know
when our lives are gonna end we never
know when we're gonna get sick we never
know when our last ride is gonna be
whenever know when our last hug from our
loved ones from our family is gonna be
so just another reminder I mean it's
kind of a theme of the channel but just
do good in your life live without
regrets and that doesn't mean like Yolo
that that just means do things that
build solid memories and solid
foundations and make the world a better
place love those that are close around
you and help those that you don't know
and I mean you know the whole spiel but
you know it grew it brings it into
perspective when you have a closed level
one kind of have some really bad scary
health things and also when your own
health is kind of bad you don't know you
know when your next time that you'll be
able to ride a motorcycle is in my case
so anyway you guys I'll leave you today
with just a little quote and it's
basically what kind of memories would I
want from today much love guys ever ride
out